DOC-2270_TINY-10310: Moving focus to the outside of the editor after having clicked a menu would not fire a `blur` event as expected. (#3102)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/7.0-release-notes.adoc

// CCFR here.

=== Moving focus to the outside of the editor after having clicked a menu would not fire a `blur` event as expected.
// #TINY-10310

> Previously in {productname}, some UI events were not detected by the focus controller when clicking outside the editor while a menu was open.

Reviewer: @HAFRMO is this more suited?
```suggestion
In {productname}, an issue was identified where clicking outside the editor while a menu was in either the opened or closed state resulted in the blur event not being triggered as expected.
```

> === Moving focus to the outside of the editor after having clicked a menu would not fire a `blur` event as expected.
> // #TINY-10310
> 
> Previously in {productname}, some UI events were not detected by the focus controller when clicking outside the editor while a menu was open.
> 
> Consequently, the `blur` event was not fired when switching focus outside the editor, as the UI was still considered part of the editor.
> 
> {productname} 7.0 addresses this by now considering UI events as part of the normal editor events.
> 
> As a result, the `blur` event is now properly fired when switching focus outside the editor.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== Moving focus to the outside of the editor after having clicked a menu would not dispatch a `blur` event as expected.
// #TINY-10310

Previously in {productname}, some UI events were not detected by the focus controller when clicking outside the editor while a menu was open.

Consequently, the `blur` event was not dispatched when switching focus outside the editor, as the UI was still considered part of the editor.

{productname} 7.0 addresses this by now considering UI events as part of the normal editor events.

As a result, the `blur` event is now properly dispatched when switching focus outside the editor.
```
